26/03/25
Players will start with a fund of 500$.
The game will consist of 3 nights of gambling and a fourth showdown night

The first night will be the night with the lowest risk and reward, as well as the lowest inter player strategy - blackjack.
The second night will be the night with the highest risk and reward, with the lowest rank inter player strategy - roulette.
The final night will be the night with the option to lose or win it all, with players directly affecting eachothers money - poker.

In the run up to the showdown, players will visit the shop to cash in their chips and by traits, perks and weapons, all themed on gambling, casinos and cards.
Finally, on the showdon night, the players will be enterd into a playing field (casino themed ofc), and have a free for all match, with the last player standing winning

After this, the next round begins, with all players keeping whatever money they didnt spend and an additionaly 250$
The winning player will gain a 250$ bonus on the next round, to make a sum of 500$ plus whatever the saved.

Concepts for items, traits and perks as of 26/03/25

Weapons:
	Primary
		Uzi, Bat, Knuckle dusters, AR, grenade launcher, rocket launcher
	Secondary
		Molotov, Deck of Cards, Chip shield.
Traits:
Agility up, Attack speed up, Damage up, health/defense up.

Affinities:
Fire Affinity - Reduced fire dmg tkn, taking fire damage increases all traits
Chaos Affinity - Deck of Cards effects are rerolled for a favorable effect
Explosive Affinity - explosions deal reduced knockback and damage. For a duration of time after being exploded, all attacks create minor explosions with falloff with range.
Dodge roll - performing a dash or dodge give I-Frames for the duration of the roll.

26/03/25 - 2
Lobby, Inbetween game lobby
4 Player Max

2/04/25
Game called High Steaks, characters are designed after cows
In final showdown round, instead of podium, there is 3 steaks and the winner
Instead of "You Lose This Round" or similar message, "Cooked" will be displayed instead

03/03/25
Created 5 sprites for characters themed after Cows[Highland, Black Angus, Friesan, Hereford, Guernsey]
Looking to make 8 sprites in total.
Sprites for the Blackjack table, Poker table and cards have been made
