▛▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▜
▌Blackjack Rules▐
▙▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▟

	6 decks are used (312 cards)
	Before deal begins, each player places a bet $2 - $500
	Deck is shuffled and cut
	Plastic divider is inserted so the last 60-75 cards are not dealt
	when all bets are made, dealer gives one card, face up, to each player in clockwise rotation, then one face up card to the dealer
	another round of cards is dealt face up to each player, cw, then face down to the dealer
	If the dealer's face up (shown) card is an ace, a seperate "Insurance Bet" can be made based on if the dealer has a blackjack (A + card with value of ten)

Naturals (Start A + 10)
	If the player has a natural, they immediately get paid 1.5 * their bet
	If the dealer has a natural, they immediately collect all of the bets from the players
	If the player and the dealer have a natural, the bet is a stand-off (tie) and the player doesn't lose their chips

The Play
	Left of the dealer goes first
	Stand or hit. If total of hand goes over 21 they are "bust". The player loses if they go bust. The players turn ends when they stand or they bust
	When the player left of the dealer goes bust or stands, the dealer moves onto the next player (to the left)
	If the player goes bust with an ACE in hand, they instead have ten removed from their score and continue, as ACE can be 1 or 11

The Dealer's Play
	After the dealer has served every player, the face down card is turned over. 
	If the total of the dealers hand is 17 or over, they must stand.
	If the total of the dealers hand is 16 or under, they must hit.
	The dealer must continue to hit until their hand is 17 or over.
	If the dealer has an ACE, and counting it as 11 would make the hand 17 or over, the dealer must stand.

Splitting Pairs
	If the players starting hand consists of two cards with the same value, they can be split and treated as two hands (sHands).
	The original bet is placed on one sHand and a bet of equal value must be placed on the other sHand.
	The player first plays the sHand to the left. When the player goes bust or stands on the left sHand, the dealer then serves the right sHand.
	Also, with a pair of aces, the player is given one card per ace and is not allowed to hit. If the player attains "blackjack" with a split hand, the pay-off is 1 not 1.5

Doubling Down
	When a player is dealt a hand with the sum value of 9, 10 or 11, the player can double their bet.
	When the players turn arrives, they can add a bet equal to their initial bet. They are only given one card, which is dealt face-down, and is not turned until the bets are settled 

The dealer can neither double down or split.
With a hand of two 5's, the player can double down OR split OR play regularly

Insurance
	When the dealers face up car is an ace, any of the player may make a side bet of up to half their original bet that the dealers face down card has the value of ten
	Once all side bets are made, the dealer peeks the face down card. If it is of value 10, it is flipped and players are paid with a payoff of 1 (2 * insurance bet)
	If the card is of value ten, the Natuals rules take effect

Settlement
	A paid and collected bet is never returned. Since the dealer goes last, if a player goes bust, they cannot win any money.
	If the dealer goes bust, the dealer pays out all players according to their bet and payoff factor (1 by default, 1.5 blackjack etc.)
	If the dealer stands at 21 or less, they pay out to all players with a hand of greater value (excl. bust players)
	If the player and dealer have the same hand value, no bets are collected or paid.

Reshuffling
	When all bets are settled, the dealer gathers the players cards and places them face up to the side against a clear plastic shield (aligner) (discard pile)
	When the dealer reaches the plastic divider, it indicates a need to reshuffle. The dealer takes ALL cards, reshuffles them, cuts them and then returns them to the shoe

▛▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▜
▌Roulette Rules▐
▙▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▟

Bets and Payouts
1	Single Number(straight) - 35:1
2	Double Number(split)    - 17:1
3	Three Number (street)   - 11:1
4	Four number  (crnr bet) - 8:1
5	Five Number  (has to be 0-00-1-2-3) 6:1
6	Six Number   (line)	- 5:1
7	12 No (dozens 1st2nd3rd)- 2:1
8	12 no in a row (column) - 2:1
9	18 numbers (1-18)	- 1:1
10	18 numbers (19-36)	- 1:1
11	Red or Black		- 1:1
12	Odd or Even		- 1:1

The Play
	Player make bets 1 by 1
	The wheel is spun
	Bets are collected or (returned and paid out)

▛▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▀▜
▌Poker Rules▐
▙▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▟

54 card deck is used, with jokers as wild cards.

The Deal
	Every player is dealt two cards face down, which are privy to them
	The dealer spreads five cards, three cards, then one, then another

The Play
	At the start of the game, the player left of the dealer make must bet a small blind, a forced bet.
	The next player to the left must bet the big blind, which is typically twice the value of the small blind, but may vary.
	
BETTING	Players are then dealt two "hole" cards. betting proceeds from the player left of the big blind and propogates left until all players have checked.
	The betting options a player has are [fold, check, bet, call, raise]. If no bet has been made, the player can either check (not bet), or bet.
	If a bet has been made previously, the play can fold, call or raise.
	
Pre	When the all players are dealt their hole cards, they can either fold, call or raise the big blind. Betting continues in a left propogating motion until all players have bet
Flop	an equal amount into the main pot

The	Now, the first three community, face down, cards are overturned, or three face up cards are dealt onto the table.
Flop	Another round of betting then occurs, starting with the player left of the dealer. The betting continues until equal bets are entered by all players that haven't folded
	into the main pot.

The	After betting is complete for the flop, a fourth card is turned or a fourth card is dealt face up.
Turn	Another round of betting occurs, left propogating from the player left of the dealer until equal bets are entered into the main pot by players haven't folded

The	After betting is complete for the turn, a fifth and final card is turned or a fifth card is dealt face up.
River	A final round of betting occurs.

The Showdown : The last person to bet shows their cards, unless no bet was made. in that case, the player immediately left of the dealer shows their cards.
		The next player then shows their cards so on and so forth. The player with the best five card hand is then awarded the all bets from the pot.
		Cards are then collected, the deck is shuffled and another round begins.

Poker Hands (ranked)
1	Five of a kind	(4 cards of same type and a wildcard)
2	Royal Flush	(A K Q J 10 | of same suit)
3	Straight Flush	(5 consecutive cards of same suit | 3 4 5 6 7 of spades)
4	Four of a kind	(4 cards of same rank | K K K K | Q Q Q Q)
5	Full House	(3 cards of one rank and 2 cards of another | 5 5 5 3 3 | 3 3 3 K K)
6	Flush		(5 cards of same suit | 3 9 A J 10 of Diamonds)
7	Straight	(5 consecutive cards  | 3 4 5 6 7 of differing suits)
8	Three of a kind (3 cards of same rank | 3 3 3 | A A A)
9	Two pair	(2 One Pair | 2 2 + 3 3)
10	One pair	(2 cards of same rank | 5 5)
11	High card	(1 card | K | A)

If two players have the same hand, then the hand with higher rank will win
If two players have the same hand of the same rank, and it is the best hand of both players, then the hand is discounted only between those two players
